[2.12.0] Update `ui-sql-cache` & Server-Side Pagination Content (#1888)
rancher/rancher-docs: versioned_docs/version-2.12/how-to-guides/advanced-user-guides/enable-experimental-features/ui-server-side-pagination.md

  <link rel="canonical" href="https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/how-to-guides/advanced-user-guides/enable-experimental-features/ui-server-side-pagination"/>
</head>

> The feature flag `ui-sql-cache` is enabled by default and implements the UI server-side pagination caching. The functionality provides an SQLite-backed cache of Kubernetes objects to improve performance. This adds sorting, filtering and pagination features used by the UI to restrict the amount of resources it fetches and stores in browser memory. These features are primarily used to improve list performance for resources with high counts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The feature flag `ui-sql-cache` is enabled by default and provides an SQLite-backed cache of Kubernetes objects. This unlocks sorting, filtering and pagination features used by the UI to restrict the amount of resources it fetches and stores in browser memory, and also monitors. These features are primarily used to improve list performance for resources with high counts.
```

> This initial release improves the performance of Pods, Secrets, Nodes and ConfigMaps in the Cluster Explorer pages, and most resources in the Explorer's **More Resources** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This initial release improves the performance of most pages used to view, create or edit resources within the `local` or downstream clusters i.e. the Cluster Explorer view.

Areas outside of the Cluster Explorer are not yet covered by this feature.
```

> Pages can't be automatically refreshed. You can manually refresh table contents by clicking the **Refresh** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resources in Lists are automatically updated, however not instantaneously. 
```

### Regressions

> There were performance regressions following the resource cache support changes, and they are outlined below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The follow regressions occur when the feature is enabled. These mainly revolve around different sort or filter behaviours in affected lists
```
